`azurerm_express_route_connection` - Support `inbound_route_map_id`, `outbound_route_map_id`, `enabled_private_link_fast_path` (#20619)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/express_route_connection.html.markdown

* `authorization_key` - (Optional) The authorization key to establish the Express Route Connection.

* `enable_internet_security` - (Optional) Is Internet security enabled for this Express Route Connection?
  

> * `enabled_express_route_gateway_bypass` - (Optional) Indicates whether FastPath enabled for Virtual Wan Firewall Hub. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Is that what this property does? The description doesn't sound like it matches the property name
```suggestion
* `enabled_express_route_gateway_bypass` - (Optional) Specified whether Fast Path is enabled for Virtual Wan Firewall Hub. Defaults to `false`.
```

* `associated_route_table_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Virtual Hub Route Table associated with this Express Route Connection.

> * `inbound_route_map_id` - (Optional) The ID of the RouteMap associated with this Express Route Connection for inbound learned routes.
> 
> * `outbound_route_map_id` - (Optional) The ID of the RouteMap associated with this Express Route Connection for outbound advertised routes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `inbound_route_map_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Route Map associated with this Express Route Connection for inbound routes.

* `outbound_route_map_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Route Map associated with this Express Route Connection for outbound routes.

```
